 Okay, we're good on that. Sweet. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. So, today we are talking about, we're basically talking about deliverance. So anybody that is casting out demons. And I'll mention a little bit about just spiritual health in general. But it's kind of funny this morning, I was like trying to do what I was planning to do. And it's like I almost felt sick trying to plan it. And I was like, I need to go for a walk. So I went for a walk and just felt like the Holy Spirit was like, I want you to teach deliverance today. And I was like, okay, great. And I felt like he actually said it would be important for Germany. And so Jesus released deliverance in Germany. So the way I'm going to start off is, this is a term that we use a lot in Antioch. It doesn't matter that much, just language. But one of our goals of church planning is healthy church. But what is healthy church? And what does it look like to, what is healthy to God? Healthy doesn't mean that everybody is having a good life. Obviously difficult things happen in life. And so what is healthy church? What does it look like? We started to use this language. It's a funny picture too. I don't know how well it'll draw it. But we call it the four-legged stool. So let's see how well I can do a stool. But say, here you go to the top. And this is, I'm just going to abbreviate. But it's spiritual health right at the top. And what's the foundations of spiritual health in Jesus? So you got one leg here, one leg here. I'll put a leg back there. My 3D's awesome. Okay, perfect. Best stool ever. But on each one of these, so I'll put one here. This one stands for spiritual disciplines. Okay, I'll talk about that. I'll briefly mention each of these. But then I'm going to go down the deliverance route. Next one I'm going to put, we're calling it life skills. I'll talk about that. And then I'll put, I usually put it inside these, but I'm not. I'll put counseling, and now I like to put here freedom, ministries. Okay, so we want to be whole people, right? We're body, soul, and spirit, and Jesus cares about our wholeness. It's this thing in the kingdom where Jesus 100% cares about your wholeness as a person, and He 100% cares about your self-denial to follow Him. Isn't that an interesting tension? I'm going to say that one more time. He 100% cares about your wholeness as a person, your health, your spiritual health, and He 100% cares about your self-denial, your willingness to deny yourself. And this is like the tension we find ourselves in a lot. You have some people that are overly intense sacrificially, and so they make an idol out of their sacrifice. I'm not something because I'm sacrificial. If I thought that, I'd be in pride, right? But then there's people that it's like, no, no, no, chill out. You don't need to be so sacrificial. You need to relax more. And there's times where I need to be sacrificial in my obedience, and that's humility. And then there's times when I need to not look as radical in my obedience, but it's obedience for me to take a nap. Does that make sense? Sometimes God's like, "You need to take a nap. Go take a nap." And sometimes you're tired, and He asks you to deny yourself and be sacrificial in that moment. And neither one is more righteous. Jesus is righteousness. Can you repeat what the fourth verse is? Yeah, yeah. So the first one is spiritual disciplines, which I'll kind of define these as we go. The next one is life skills. The next one I put is counseling. It's a spiritual discipline, LS. Yeah, that's why I'm going fast. It's good. I need that. It's a spiritual discipline, LS. LS is life skills. And they are not here when you talk. What is the topic? Oh, yeah. So today I'm talking at the beginning about spiritual health, like big picture, but then I'm going to go down the deliverance, like leg of this four-legged stool up here being spiritual health. So these are kind of like the foundations of spiritual health. And so we're going to go down the freedom ministries one deeper, but I'm going to mention all four. So yeah, counseling and then freedom ministries. Freedom ministries. Yes. Okay. Okay. So to just briefly explain each one, when I'm saying spiritual discipline, this is like, are you spending time with Jesus? Like, do you pray? You know, are you actually spending time behind closed doors by yourself, seeking God, seeking your father who isn't secret? Like Matthew six says, are you praying with other people in your life? You know, are you, are you being discipled? Are you discipling others? Are you sharing the gospel at all? You know, these are all like those things the Bible says to do. And the spirit leads that process, but I just call them spiritual discipline because it's like those different things that if we're not doing, you'll end up unhealthy. You know, like if I'm not making disciples in my life, then usually there's like two routes. One, I might live off my gift and everybody likes me because I'm gifted, but I'm not reproducing my life. There's no multiplication that comes from my life. Or they try to become like me and not like Jesus. Right. And then, and then that's, that's the hard thing. Then they all start depending on you. And in English, we say that will backfire on you because you won't be enough for their needs. Only Jesus will. Right. But, and then the other route is I just am passive. I don't care about making disciples. Doesn't matter to me. You know, so it's like you choose comfort. You're like, I'll just chill and have a good life. You know, so disciples don't matter. Both of those things will leave you not healthy and you might not even be aware of it. Okay. And this could be a community, you know, like are you spending time in community to use those different healthy relationships would be part of that. Okay. So that's this one life skills. I don't know if that's the best word for it. That's what they put. But what I mean by that is like sometimes I think I'm experiencing spiritual warfare and actually you just haven't drank water today. And so you feel that. Does that make sense? Like, we're like, oh, I skipped breakfast and lunch and my stomach hurts. This is an attack from the devil. No, you haven't eaten today. You know, it's like little things like that or like shelter. Like, do you have a place to live? Are you anxious because you never know where you live? Well, maybe you should find a place to live, you know? So there's things like that that we can like be dramatic about like or think or like some spiritual battle. And it's like, no, like you just need to go have a cup of water or you need to eat a meal or like you need, you know, it's like little things like that. That I remember one time, this is kind of funny. I remember a guy came up to me for prayer like years ago. And I literally, the word I felt like I had for him was like, I feel like there's times that like you think you're struggling but really you just need to like drink water. This is really weird. He's like, oh, it's so weird. I'm like, yeah, I don't know either. That was God. But then three days later, he comes up to me. He's like, bro, two days ago, like I was reminded that word you gave me because I thought I was struggling and I just skipped lunch. And I was like, oh, praise God. You know, we don't see that stuff as spiritual. You know, we're like, oh, whatever, you know, that's the stuff we easily ignore. So anyways, that's what we mean by life skills, you know, but so anyways. Okay, then over here, counseling. So you get to be kind of careful with this one. Like counseling is great. I have nothing against counseling. But at the same time, the Bible says that Paul decided to know nothing among the people he was among except Christ and Christ crucified. Right. So you don't want to overcomplicate your needs. That makes sense. The simple answer is always in God. And then also, if you do counseling, you have to fear God about who you're going to do counseling with because you're opening your heart wide open to somebody. So they have to be a trustworthy person that knows, okay, I want to have compassion, but I also know the truth sets people free. And so that can be a process over time. But you want you want to make sure you have somebody that's a trusted person. If you're going to do that. Right. Okay. And then freedom ministries. So what I mean by this is deliverance or the ministry of casting out demons. And I also connect that to like in the states, we call it inner healing or listening prayer as well. And this is the one we're going to focus on today. These other ones will play themselves out in school, but I want to talk mainly about this one today. So freedom ministries. Okay. So first scripture I want to read. You all want to flip there. It's Mark 16 15 through 18. I'll say again, Mark 16 15 through 18. I really like this version of the great commission. It's just kind of, I don't know, out there. Mark 16 15 through 18. This is Jesus speaking. He says, he said to them, go into all the world and preach the gospel to all creation. Whoever believes in his baptized will be saved, but whoever does not believe will be condemned. And these signs will accompany those who believe in my name. They will drive out demons. They will speak in new tongues. They will pick up snakes with their hands. And when they drink deadly poison, it will not hurt them at all. They will place their hands on sick people and they will get well. Isn't that a fun, great commission scripture. I love that. It's the like, I don't know. It's just the one that's, I feel like it surprises people. They're like, whoa. And what I love about this, it says those who believe right. Who in here believes in Jesus? Congratulations. You're on the deliverance team. It's all inclusive to those who believe. So sometimes it's easy for us to again, we like to delegate different practices to like the most gifted. But this is another one of those practices that's for all, all Christians are called to cast out demons. Now I understand that people, the Bible talks about the measure of grace on somebody's life. Right. So I believe that like some people might have a greater measure of grace for deliverance, but something kind of a theological phrase people say is there's also common grace though. We've all been given grace to cast out demons. Even if someone has more grace than you, doesn't disqualify you from still casting out demons. Does that make sense? So there's a common grace because it says to all who believe, all have a grace to do it. Okay. So with that, I'm going to talk about, I'm going to keep talking about deliverance, and I'm going to go through a few things that are helpful for growing and casting out demons. So one, I want to talk about our authority in Christ. And this just blows my mind like every time I just talk about it. I'm like, this is crazy. Like, why did you give me this authority? You know, but if I want to flip to Ephesians 2, 6 through 10, that's what we're going to read. Ephesians 2 verses 6 through 10. Ah, there they are. Come on in. Welcome. We're talking about deliverance today. Yes. I'm casting out demons. Yes. Yes. Ephesians 2 verses 6 through 10. Ephesians 2. All right. So I'm going to read it here. It says, Jesus. Jesus. So getting that faith, so getting that first phrase says he's, we've been raised up with Christ and we've been seated in the heavenly realms with Christ Jesus. And if you go to Colossians, it talks about how we've been seated far above all rule, authority, power, principality. So Jesus, like, he has literally taken us to this, like this authority level with him and he wants us to exercise that authority. And so, so part of the process here though, is even if everyone has authority, if you believe God and you believe his word, right? But if you don't believe, then you shouldn't expect to walk in authority. Right? So it's, as we grow in faith, our authority becomes, we become more aware of our authority and we almost like we realize our authority and our standing with Jesus. And as you go in faith, this faith will cause you to be, have respect in the spirit and actually respect from man. Sometimes in burn, the Bible, it said when Jesus taught what was different about him is they said he taught as one who had authority. It was something that stuck out about Jesus. They're like, man, he speaks with authority that's not from this world, you know? And so as we grow in faith, so does our awareness of our authority and like people, people and spirits, which is an interesting way to put it, respect of our authority. Because when it comes to things in the spirit, casting out demons and warfare, they know if you don't know, does that make sense? They know if you believe or you don't believe. So there's no hiding or faking it, you know? And so they'll recognize that, okay, he has been sealed with Christ. He has the authority of Christ and they'll listen to you. But if you don't believe it, they know, even if you don't know or people don't know, like they're not going to be deceived by a show. They know if you have faith. Right? So, and with that kind of authority, there can sometimes be a temptation, right? We're seated far above all rule, all authority, all power. Like that is insane honor, you know, and privilege that Jesus gives us through his resurrection. And there's a temptation to do that though in pride. So how do we have all that authority in walk and humility in the fear of the Lord? So I'm going to read another scripture, Luke 10, 17 through 20. So if you want to flip there, I'm going to give you time to... Luke 10, verses 17 through 20. Luke 10, 17 through 20. So this story, it's in context. The disciples just went out. They saw crazy healings, demons leave people, all that stuff. And I don't know about you, but if you read the New Testament, the disciples were kind of hilarious sometimes. You know, like how little it seemed like they understood. You know, like they weren't like insanely skilled ministers. They weren't like crazy equipped. You know, like they were constantly misunderstanding Jesus, even though he's right in front of them, you know, but all in all their almost silliness, like they're out here casting out demons, healing the sick, blind eyes open, all that stuff. And I just want to say there's no junior Holy Spirit. Does that make sense to you all? There's no junior Holy Spirit. What I mean by that is there's not like, oh, like since you're this far along in your faith, you have this like little Holy Spirit and you can only do like this. No, Holy Spirit is Holy Spirit. Like I remember hearing stories like of a guy who is still addicted to drugs and he prophesied half of Philippians 2 without ever reading the Bible. And he was still on drugs. Does that make sense? This is what I'm trying to say, but there's no junior Holy Spirit. Like God can do powerful things through people that are so immature. Like power is actually easy for God if you give him faith. You know, so I want to read the scripture now. It says, "The 72 returned with joy, saying, 'Lord, even the demons are subject to us in your name.' And he said to them, 'I saw Satan fall like lightning from heaven. Behold, I have given you authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy, and nothing shall hurt you. Nevertheless, do not rejoice in this, that the spirits are subject to you, but rejoice that your names are written in heaven.'" Amen. So again, it's not bad to be joyful if someone gets free. We want to celebrate that, right? Like if somebody gets delivered from a demon, I will not be holding back my excitement for their freedom, right? But if I'm rejoicing more that I have authority over demons than this person's freedom, I might need to check myself and make sure I'm doing deliverance from humility in the fear of the Lord. And I'm going to read one more scripture for sake of time. We don't have to all turn to it. So Jude 1, 8 through 9, it says, "In the very same way, on the strength of their dreams, these ungodly people pollute their own bodies, reject authority, and heap abuse on celestial beings. But even the archangel Michael, when he was disputing with the devil about the body of Moses, did not himself dare to condemn him for slander, but said the Lord rebuke you." So there's a high honor system to how heaven operates. It doesn't see a need to bash or condemn demons in weird ways. This is where deliverance can get weird, is people do this weird stuff where they're like, "Dude, I don't even know, saying dumb stuff to demons, and it's just don't do that." Even Michael had this strange honor towards Satan to the point that he was like, "The Lord rebuke you. I'm not going to presume. I'm not just going to be disrespectful for disrespect's sake." Does that make sense? And so, anyways, I want to include that in here. We need humility in the fear of the Lord in the way that we rule and reign with Jesus. Okay, next part. For anyone who needs this, I just put sometimes it can be a surprise to us that Christians need deliverance. It's been such a thing for so many years that it's been like, "Oh, only unbelievers need deliverance. Once you're saved, that can never happen." And then I think about it, I'm like, first of all, if you go to a tarot card reader and just think you're good, I'm just going to mess around with some demons. They'll be chill. That would be pretty dumb, right? Or if I just decided, "I'm going to go hang out with some witches and do some occult stuff." But because of grace, I won't get any demons. They'll be chill. That would just be really dumb. You're totally going to end up needing deliverance because you're fellowshipping with demons. You're talking with demons and reacting with demons. And so that's one thing. But I want to read a few scriptures as well. First one I want to read is 2 Corinthians 11 verses 3 through 4. So I'll say that one one more time. 2 Corinthians 11, 3 through 4. And again, I'm telling you this part, maybe not because everyone here needs confirmation that Christians need deliverance sometimes. But it's also, I know this is a sensitive topic for people. And so if you can give them Bible, then if you can testify of your own freedom and you can give them Bible, you'll be surprised how many people are like, "I'll give it a try." I was on a trip with a bunch of college students before I came here. And there was a guy, and he was like, "I don't really know about this deliverance stuff." And I was like, "Oh, I shared some of my own story and then gave him the scripture." And he was like, "Sure, we can try it out." And I'm like, "Okay, great." So we go into this room, and he was dealing with an addiction to pornography. And I was like, "All right, bro. So I just want you to repent for agreeing with the spirit of adultery, okay? And then I'm going to pray for you." And he's like, "Okay, sounds good." And he literally said to me before, "I'm going to make sure this isn't forced. It's going to have to really be real." So he's kind of like, "I don't know if this is real." But he does it, so he was like, "Jesus, I just confess and repent of all agreeing with the spirit of adultery." I'm like, "All right, bro. I put my hand on his shoulder, and with firmness, I'm just like, 'Spirit of adultery, out in Jesus' name.'" Nothing happens. "Spirit of adultery, I command you to go in the name of Jesus. Come out in the name of Jesus." And about the third time I said it, he's like, "Oh!" And then he literally drops-- how would I say this? He drops an F-bomb. He says a cuss word. He said a word that starts with F. Yeah. Oh! Yes. So literally, as the demon's leaving, he cusses out loud. And then he starts coughing up this demon. He falls to the ground on his knees, and just coughs out the spirit of adultery. Right, Jesus. And then he was like, "Bro, what the heck just happened?" I'm like, "You just got delivered. The spirit of adultery." And he's like, "Okay, bro. I gotta tell everybody." And I was like, "Wait a second. Wait a second. First, let's just receive something from Jesus in exchange for what you just got free from." And he's like, "Okay, okay, okay." So he listened to the Lord, let the Holy Spirit heal places. And I'm like, "All right. You can go tell everybody." And he's like, "All right." He runs out, and he's just like, "Guys, this is crazy." And he's telling things. And so that's another thing too. You don't have to be afraid of people that are skeptical. If God wants to deliver them, just remain confident in your authority. And with firmness, speak to the thing that you feel like God's highlighting, or even the thing they think it could be. And then you get to see what God does. And sometimes there's things that are more expressive, like coughing, all this stuff. Sometimes there's not any crazy bodily movement or coughing. But people are like, "Bro, it felt like something went off my head when you did that." And I was like, "Okay, great. I wasn't sure of anything was happening." You know? So, okay. So I'm going to read 2 Corinthians 11, 3-4. It says, "But I am afraid that as the serpent deceived Eve by his cunning, your thoughts will be led astray from a sincere and pure devotion to Christ." So I want to stop there for a second. So I want to connect this back to Ephesians 2. We didn't read this part of Ephesians 2, but it calls the devil, "the prince of the power of the air" in English. And something I've realized is, "air," what God's saying by that, you know radio, you can turn on a different station, and there's a different kind of thing that comes out of a radio. You could be on the pop station, or the rock station, or the jazz station. So this is how the devil works, is he gets in the communication airways. So what I mean by that is there's things that go through your thoughts every day. And that's how he tries to get lies in your head. So, for example, I live in Waco, Texas, in Waco, Texas, there's a very strong religious spirit. So when I wake up in the morning, the things that go through my mind sometimes are prideful thoughts, arrogant thoughts, judgmental thoughts towards this other church. Does that make sense? It's like it's religious spirit stations, radio stations, on where I live. Whereas if I, for example, I spent time in San Francisco, near all the tech stuff, when I woke up there, I would always wake up with a bunch of tasks I felt like I needed to do. Like, oh, I need to get this done, and that done, and this done, and that done. And I was like, this is so not me. I'm not like that. I'm very chill, you know? I'm not like a task-oriented guy anyways. Does that make sense? And so I'm like, what is going on? And what the Lord showed me is the spirit of mammon, the love for money, and that drives people to work hard. I need to get more money. I need to make more money. How do I get more money? I get to do my tasks done, and I'll make more money. If I get more tasks done, I can finally retire. Right? So you wake up with tasks on your mind, because that's the radio station on in San Francisco. Does this kind of make sense? So it's like turn on FM sexual morality. AM, like, depression. You know, 97-point fear. You know what I mean? Like, that's how the devil works, so warfare is between the ears. And that's why God says take every thought captive and make it obedient to Jesus. Right? And so when there's radio stations on, like, for example, when I came here, the first couple days I was here, there was this weird depression thing. I was like, what is this? You know, like, what the heck? You know, I was like, this is dumb. I rejoice in the Lord and the strength of his might. I just thank you, Jesus, that I am your delight, Jesus. I'm delighted in by Jesus, and I'm a house of prayer, and in your house of prayer is joy. You know, like, those are the things I declare over myself when the radio station is depression. Right? Because it's a way for me to stay strong and not passively let something in to my thoughts and my beliefs. Does that make sense? Yeah. I will have to make questions. Okay. So, and I bring that up because it says, "Your thoughts will be led astray from a sincere and pure devotion to Christ." So, being led astray starts between the ears. Okay. Keep going. "For if someone comes and proclaims another Jesus and the one we proclaimed, or if you receive a different spirit from the one you received, or if you accept a different gospel from the one you accepted, you put up with it readily enough." So, there's a godly submission we want to have in our hearts, right? It's actually beautiful to God to have a submissive spirit. That's like part of what humility is. But there's things, if you submit to them, well, now you have to put up with them. So, if I submit to fear, now you have to put up with unnecessary affliction because you didn't have to submit to fear. What's affliction mean? Affliction. It's like... Something like affecting you. ...inflicting affliction, like hurtful, basically, things, or like extra weight almost. Like if I submit to fear, I now have an extra weight on my shoulders that if I did not submit to it, I wouldn't have to be carrying it. Does that make sense? And so, like it says here, "Or if you receive a different spirit from the one you received," right? So, Paul clearly had dealt with some deliverance because he'd seen people receive a different spirit from the one they received, right? Okay, I'm going to read. There's also another scripture just to put up there. Revelation 18 is talking about Babylon, this great prostitute, and he literally says, "Come out of her, my people, lest you take part in her sins, lest you share in her plagues, for her sins are heaped high as heaven, and God has remembered her iniquities." So, he's talking to his people who have gotten in this demonic outworking. I don't know what the word is for it. So, he wouldn't say, "Come out of her," if they weren't in agreement with demons and spirits that aren't from God. And the last scripture I'll read is 1 Thessalonians 5, 23. It says, "Now may the God of peace himself sanctify you completely, and may your whole spirit, soul, and body be kept blameless at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ." This is a great prayer, actually, for sanctification. So, again, he's talking about body, soul, and spirit. Which was the last one, 1 Thessalonians? 5, 23. 5, 23. Yes. And then Revelation? Revelation 18. I would put 1 through 5. I only read verse 5, but 1 through 5 will give you context. Okay. So, again, like that verse says, "Body, soul, and spirit need sanctification." I think sometimes, like, we don't know what we don't know, but we do this sometimes where we're like, "Because my spirit has been joined to his spirit, my spirit doesn't need to be made whole." Does that make sense? Like, we do that. We just think the spirit needs to be sanctified, too. We just think body and soul, because my spirit and Holy Spirit have come together. But it's interesting, that's why he prays, "May your whole spirit and soul and body be kept blameless." So, okay, we'll move on. All right, I'm going to read a scripture from Hebrews 5, 11 through 14. I'm going to give you all time to come to this one, too. Hebrews 5, 11 through 14. - 5? - Yes. - 11 through 14. - Correct. Okay. Wait, wait. Hebrews 5, 11 through 14. Okay. Here we go. So it says, "About this, we have much to say, and it is hard to explain since you have become dull of hearing. For though by this time you ought to be teachers, you need someone to teach you again the basic principles of the oracles of God. You need milk, not solid food. For everyone who lives on milk is unskilled in the word of righteousness, since he is a child. But solid food is for the mature, for those who have their powers of discernment trained by constant practice to distinguish good from evil." So, I bring this up because something that I think God's shifting, like in the church in a healthy way, is he's shifting us from, I call it performance and perfection, to practice and growth mindsets. Let's say that again. So when I say performance, I mean like proving, showing, but not feeling like you can fail. You have to be perfect. Everything has to be perfect. There can't be any mess. I'm doing things wrong. But Jesus says it's a broken and contrite, humble heart he desires. And he wants to give us a mindset of practice and growth. And that culture gets created by people feeling safe to fail. They're allowed to fail. You can actually miss it so that you can grow instead of perform to try and be perfect and then be prideful. There has to be space for people to fail or they won't grow. And so you need to have a practice and a growth mindset, not a performance and perfection mindset. And when you do come into a practice and growth mindset, there is mess. Things will get messy. Because we're okay with failure, we have grace for people to grow. You know, but if we don't have mess, the mess stays in here and never comes out and we're never even aware of it. Which that's scary, right? That's Pharisee. That's what the Pharisees did. They looked really good on the outside, but on the inside, ravenous wolves, right? But we're called to live from the inside out. And so because of that, there will be mess if you have a culture of practice and growth, but people will actually grow and they'll actually mature. But if it's about performing and perfection, people never feel safe to fail. And it's all about keeping things nice on the outside. And so that's why I bring that up. It says, "Train, they're discerned by constant practice to discern between good and evil." And I bring that up too because deliverance, what's so funny about it is Jesus, it doesn't seem like He gives us that much equipping. If you read the Bible, there's no three-step process. There's no like, "Oh, if you do this, this, this, they'll leave." Like Luke 10, He just says, "I've given you authority, go." And like if I'm there, I'm like, "Okay, but like how do you know there's a demon?" "Oh no, I gave you authority, just go do it." But like, how do you know? Like how do you know they have a demon? But it's like you'd be asking all those questions like, "Well, how do I know the demon is causing that sickness? Just go do it, I gave you authority." But like Jesus, like how did you see that demon and that one person? "I gave you authority and grace, you'll be able to do it." You know, it gives you like, in our opinion a lot of times, you're like, "You gave me nothing of how to do this, you just said do it." And so like it frustrates our own understanding. It frustrates our natural mind because I want a process that I can comprehend. But the reason most people don't do deliverance is it's fully faith and discernment. There's no process that's perfect about it. And you're not going to be perfect in it. Sometimes, like we use this phrase in the States, I say that when you're learning deliverance, it feels like hip fire. So you know how to gun, it's like hip fire, you're firing from the hip. You don't fire that way if you want to be accurate, right? You would go like this if you want to be accurate. So when you're first learning deliverance, it can feel a little bit like hip fire. You're like, "I think there might be a spirit of fear there, let me pray for you." Spirit of fear, go. Spirit of fear, get out in Jesus name. Spirit of fear, go. And then like, you know, sometimes it doesn't seem like anything's happening. You're like, "Okay, maybe that wasn't there." Or say it's the spirit of condemnation. Spirit of condemnation, go. Spirit of condemnation, get out in Jesus name. And the person's like, "Wow, it feels like this heaviness left off my shoulders and I feel like I can like stand up straight again." And you're like, "Oh, praise God, I think they just got delivered." Right? So deliverance when you're growing in it, it's going to feel like that because if you haven't had constant practice in your discernment, there's going to be a little bit of dullness to work through. Right? And I would say like, I'm not, I still feel like I'm working through dullness in this area. You know, like I'm not some professional deliverance guy. And I think sometimes we may think it requires when you hear the word deliverance that somebody will really manifest, that will change the voice and that it will make, turn the eyes and all of this. Or fall down. Exactly. And it doesn't have to be like that. When you get sick, you just get the flu and you start to sneeze and then you take what God gives you, you know, in nature we have a lot of things, but you get healed. And then it goes out and I like that Timon says often, "Timon's are like flies." What do you do? Flies are not around where there is fire. You will not see flies. And this is the same when we keep the fire of God. That totally matches what you say. And it requires just your willingness, part of you, that you say, "I recognize I want to be for you." Yes. So good. I love it. So that's the thing that might frustrate you as you grow, is it offends the mind. Your mind's like, "This doesn't make any sense at all." And your spirit's like, "I'm ready to grow in discernment. I've been waiting to grow in discernment." Okay. So we're going to do a little activation, but I'm just going to go. I'm going to give you some simple steps anyways, just to help you get going in it. So how do demons, how do they come into your life? Or how do they begin to oppress your life? And the way that happens, sin lies generational curses and unforgiveness. Sin lies generational curses, unforgiveness. There could be other ways. These are the main ways that we come out of the influence of spirits that aren't the Holy Spirit. Okay. The next part is how do we get them out of our lives? And this one's a funny one actually because the Bible, it doesn't actually require anything from the person with, like, that's dealing with demons. Actually, it's created, like, every example of deliverance in the Bible doesn't even have repentance. It's very interesting. So I think there's like another level of authority God wants us to go to because every example in the Bible, either Jesus or the disciples, just said, "Spirit denomination out in Jesus' name." And it left the person. Or "Spirit of infirmity out in the name of Jesus." And so this process, I'm giving you helps, but I'm saying with this process that I'm about to give you, that there's a place of authority in Jesus that we have, we gotta strive for to, like, go into the level in this so that people that are loved by Jesus can be free because God wants them free. But here's a process that I think is helpful to do with people still for their own longevity and spiritual health. Because you want demons to leave, but if their mindset doesn't change about Jesus, themselves, others, well, the Spirit might just come back. So it's a three-step thing. I say repent, rebuke, receive. Repent, rebuke, receive. Repent, rebuke, receive. So whoever you're praying for, ask them to repent for sin, lies, generational curses, or unforgiveness. And it was unforgiveness, ask them to forgive. So say Naomi's doing deliverance with me. She's like, "We think maybe I've got a spirit." Naomi's like, "I'm not okay with that. You're my brother in Christ. That's not okay with me." And I'm like, "All right, let's do it." And let's say I'm dealing with a condemning spirit. I've been believing lies from the spirit of condemnation. So what I do is I would say, "Holy Spirit, I just confess that I have believed lies from the spirit of condemnation, and I repent for all agreement with that spirit. I renounce all my agreements with the spirit of condemnation in Jesus' name." And then Naomi would put her hand on my shoulder probably, and would be like, "Spirit of condemnation, believe in Jesus' name. Spirit of condemnation, go in the name of Jesus." And then if I was dealing with that spirit, I would get free. From that place, so let's say she just did rebuke is what she just did in that journey. And to say one more thing about rebuke, when you're commanding things to leave, usually, this is from experience personally, you would just say it a few times, command it a few times to leave, and then it's totally fine to check in with the person. Be like, "Hey, do you feel like you're experiencing anything? Are you discerning anything as I pray?" And you know, what's going on? The person might be like, "I'm not really feeling anything." Or the person might be like, "I feel like something in my neck started to hurt when you did that." Or they might be like, "I got a headache when that started." Or they might be like, "My stomach started to hurt." And so that would be a sign to me of like, "Okay, let's keep going for a little bit. There might be something here we need to just keep commanding to leave. Listen to the Holy Spirit. He might give us more clarity about it." And then after that demon leaves, this is the important part, it's receive. Okay? So Jesus, he doesn't just kind of like... What's the best word for this? He doesn't leave things in a tie. The tie is... Say we play soccer and the score is one to one. That's a tie. Right? So when Jesus gets rid of something from your life, he doesn't like be like, "Alright, we're good." That's it. He wants to... He wants you to win. So he's going to give you something in exchange for that spirit because he's merciful and because he's redeemer. So to say we got rid of the spirit of condemnation, I would say, "Holy Spirit, what do you want to give me in exchange for condemnation?" And say, "Holy Spirit's like great mercy." And I'm like, "Wow, I receive your great mercy, Holy Spirit. You're so merciful, God." Even right now, Ephesians 2 talks about the riches of your mercy. "Thank you for how rich you are in mercy and how you're giving me rich mercy to be merciful to others instead of condemning now, instead of judgmental." Does that make sense? Am I making sense there? Yes. Awesome. Okay. So we're going to do a little bit of activation now. And I know this is going to feel funny and silly to some of you all because you're like, "Alright, I can't even see it, but I'm going to speak to things possibly." That people are like, "I might be dealing with this." But again, like I said, we have to practice and grow, practice and grow, practice and grow so that we can grow in the grace of God that's on our lives. Okay? So I'm going to put us into four groups. Okay? And in these groups, I want you... I think this will be helpful. So I'm including this. And it's only 807, so praise God. I want you to actually share like five to ten minute version of your own story with Jesus. I'm just like, "Hey, this is like the things before Jesus are happening." So for me, I would say I was addicted to pornography. I was afraid of everybody. And I was really hurt by my dad. But then when I met Jesus, he delivered me from pornography. He gave me security instead of the fear of man. And he gave me the fear of the Lord. And he gave me identity instead of hurt by my father. Right? So again, that's really fast version. And I know that can be... you can sometimes be sharing vulnerable or sensitive things in that. But I just want you to share like five, ten minutes. How did you encounter Jesus? And then after whoever that is shares, I want the other two people to discern with you. If there's any spirit you might be agreeing with, that you all can do deliverance on right now. So again, in simple terms, sharing your story a little bit with Jesus in five to ten minutes. And then share whoever shares the story, share, "Hey, this might be... this is something in my life that I feel like just hasn't left. Like I've... I feel like I've repented of it, this or that, but I feel like nothing's changed." Do you all mind praying that this spirit would leave my life? And then you all take some time and command that spirit to leave their life. And who knows? So I might get free from a demon tonight. I might get free for all I know. Right? And the reason we do this as well, a phrase that has been helpful for many years is, sin needs to be crucified. Right? The Bible says, "By the spirit we put to death the deeds of the flesh." But demons need to be cast out. So a lot of times we apply what the Bible says you need to do for sin to demons and we get mad, nothing changes. Like, "I feel like I should be free. I've prayed all the prayers. I've repented of this and nothing's changing." Well, sometimes it's because you're dealing with the spirit, not just sin. And so the Bible's answer for spirits that are not from God is to be cast out of your life. And so you need someone to exercise authority to command that spirit to leave. And you might get more free than you ever realized. Now, last thing I'll say before we get into the groups is deliverance in its fullness is simply break the cycle. Because you could get delivered from a demon, but if you go back and do the same things, you'll probably just get entangled with the demon again. Right? So deliverance in its fullness is to break the cycle. Usually the cycle starts with wrong thinking that turns into wrong actions. So how do you keep your freedom once you're delivered? It's to change your cycles, change how you live. Right? And so real freedom is the cycle's broken and I'm living by the Holy Spirit now. Does that make sense? Can you repeat that, please? Break the cycle. That is what God wants. He wants your full freedom. Change of the inside to a change to the outside. Okay, so here's the group's rule. Get into group one.