That Bible study goes from like two or three people to about 50 people and it keeps growing.
And then what's funny, so he's following God, all this stuff, and then he meets his wife
Laura and God's like, "Something's up with Laura."
And basically in that process, Laura wouldn't mind if I share this, but she was dealing
with an eating disorder and it was connected to a TV show she kept watching.
And he had a sense from the Holy Spirit something was going on there.
And so what ends up happening is she gets delivered from a demon that had been causing
this eating disorder and then they go through ups and downs, they get married, and they're
going to this church called Highland and learning more about the power of the Holy Spirit, how
to be a disciple.
And after he graduates college, he goes down to Houston and he's an accountant for one
year, but then he just feels like there's something in him that's like, "You have to
go back.
You have to go back.
There's something for you in Waco, Texas."
So takes a step of obedience to do it.
Has a lot of conversations with Laura's parents because they did not like the decision at
all.
But he said to them like, "I promise no matter what that I will provide for your daughter.
No matter what, I will go hungry as long as she gets food."
And they're like, they kind of approve of it basically.
And he goes back to Waco and feels like the Holy Spirit says, "Start a training school
at this church."
And he's like, "Okay."
And they're like, "Hey, we love your vision, but we have no money to give you.
So you can do that, but there's nothing we have to help you."
And so he starts a training school.
It has seven people in it.
So with that seven people, he does a year-long program.
There's nine months in Waco and then three months overseas.
And this training school, there's obviously different failures, successes, things like
that.
But God starts to bless this training school.
And God starts to just bring more people.
People encounter Jesus.
They go to Russia and or Kuch Russia and Siberia and Eastern Europe after the wall falls.
And in Berlin, and they just start seeing God do really powerful things.
Signs and wonders, people getting delivered.
He starts doing so well that they actually promote him to their college pastor.
So they make him the college pastor at this church.
And his first message is, "Revival or nothing?"
And at that time, there was about 100 students in the college ministry.
And over the next two years, it explodes to 800 students.
And one of the things that happened was on that college campus, revival started to break
out and you had almost 100 people lined up to confess their sin on a stage in front of
a thousand people and repent.
And so, yeah, totally.
And so eventually though, what happened is there is like a high up faculty member in
the university that came up and confessed homosexual sin.
And another high up faculty member got mad and he ended it.
He's like, "This is over.
No more."
And so they ended that.
But what God was doing there overflowed into Jimmy's college ministry.
And what really got him early on was this concept called prayer, cells, and missions.
Cells would be like house church.
It's a book by Yang Yi Cho from South Korea actually.
And you call it prayer, cells, and missions.
So when Jimmy was learning, "How do I do college ministry?
How do I do church?"
He was like, "Okay, how do we do prayer, house church, and missions?"
And so his focus wasn't the big services.
His main focus was how do we do house church really well?
How do we have house churches where the presence of Jesus is resting in power?
How do we have house churches where people in the house church are learning to pray and
they're encountering Jesus and they're praying and prophesying with one another, they're
learning from the scriptures.
And in that, so things explode.
They start doing a spring break trip where they go to Oaxaca, Mexico.
And they kind of take hundreds of students there and they go preach the gospel, all this
stuff.
They're doing an Oaxaco.
And around 1997, so he's been there about 10 years.
He's still doing, training school is still happening, but also college ministry.
The guy leading the church walks in a lot of words of knowledge.
So literally from the stage, the guy would tell people their address, that kind of level
of words of knowledge.
But what happens is he has a character problem and they find out that he's in a homosexual
relationship.
And the senior pastor of this church.
And so lots of stuff falls down and they let Jimmy take a like temporary role as the senior
pastor.
So Jimmy's about 31, 32 at this point, and he's being the senior pastor.
And so he starts doing stuff, but they're looking for a new senior pastor that's not
Jimmy.
So eventually though, around 1999, 1998, they, they're still looking for a senior pastor,
but the other half of the church is like, we think Jimmy's doing great.
Why don't we just let Jimmy keep leading?
But so there's these disagreements and eventually what happens is through these disagreements,
there's a lot of stuff I could say.
There's a prophetic guy who shows up on preach on a Sunday and the middle of a sermon, he
points to the elders and says, I need to talk to all y'all after this service.
There's something the Holy Spirit speaking to me.
And they're like, okay.
And so after the service, this, this prophetic guy, he gets the elders together and he says,
I feel the Lord saying, let my people go.
There's a people here that need to go plant their own thing.
And if you do that, I'll bless.
God will bless both of you, but if you don't, this is all going to come crashing down.
And so it ends up happening is they decide to bless Jimmy to start his own church.
And they say, Hey, if there's any, if there's anybody that feels led by God to go join Jimmy,
you can do that.
If not, you can stay here.
And so Jimmy goes and starts his own thing.
He's very severe about unity.
So he was like literally to his first people that were staff, he said, you will be fired
if you say anything wrong against Highland.
This other church, they were a part of when he started and they started in a bar.
So they went to a country dancing bar and started having church on Sundays and they would baptize
people in the, like, uh, I don't know if this translates well, horse trough.
It's like what the horses drink water out of.
Yes.
So they use those troughs.
They use those troughs the night before to put beer in because it's a bar.
But on Sundays, that's what they baptize people in.
So they're in this bar for like a year and a half or so.
And then God highlights this old grocery store where there's a bunch of drugs, human trafficking,
not good things.
So it's the worst part of Waco and they buy that property.
What?
It's right in the middle.
It's right in the center of the city though.
Yes, that's true.
And so they decide, okay, we're going to buy this building or this land with its rundown
building and they don't have the money to actually restore the building.
And so they set up a trailer in the parking lot and they have church outside every day.
And in Texas, it's really hot in the summer.
But anyways, they're doing this anyways where they're doing worship on this trailer.
They're setting up chairs in the parking lot and that's how they start things until eventually
they restore this building.
And again, though, their focus, even though they have a building, is house church, prayer,
and missions.
We're going to be people that if God, if there's unreached people that don't know Jesus, we're
going to send them out.
And then from that place, what's funny is their first church plant was Boston actually,
but it took them like a little bit to actually allow that because they were like, "Well,
how would we go to Boston?
There's already Christians there.
Let's go to like somewhere that has no Christians."
But they prayed through it, humbled themselves a little bit and we're like, "Okay, you can
go to Boston."
And so that's what happened.
And so, let me...
Here we go.
So the way that Antioch does church from all these different things is what we call the
Five Circles of Church.
So first circle, me and Jesus.
So the first circle is every person has a devotional life of some sort.
So they're not just living off of somebody else's gift, off of somebody else's teaching,
but everybody learns how to spend time with Jesus.
We want you to be learning from God.
It says from the least to the greatest, all will know me.
And so everyone learns how to spend time with Jesus.
And then two, twos and threes.
Good handwriting here.
And discipleship.
So we want everybody to have groups of twos and threes where they're learning like they
have discipleship relationships.
The difference between discipleship relationships and normal relationships is I'm not just tolerating
you.
You know what I mean?
It's not like we're just living together, but like we keep our distance from one another.
It's like, "No, I actually love you and I care about your obedience to Jesus."
Like I want us to grow in love together and learn how to obey Jesus together.
So right, Cain in the Bible, he said, "Am I my brother's keeper?"
But this is where you learn, "I am my brother's keeper.
I am my sister's keeper."
And so that actually creates a protection in relationships, not a, "You do what you
want to do.
I'll do what I want to do and we'll have a good friendship."
It's like, "No, I can challenge you.
I can encourage you.
I can correct you."
And there's safety there because we know, "I'm going to forgive you no matter what because
I want to grow in love."
And so there's safety there.
And the next one, house to house.
So when you look at the book of Acts, first time I was at the house church we read Acts
2 42 through 47, you see them meeting house to house consistently.
What's crazy is it said daily they met house to house in the temple.
So we get mad when like, "Well, I got to commit to like two days a week of church."
The book of Acts was meeting every single day to pray, to read the Bible.
So it wasn't an inconvenience to them.
They were obsessed with Jesus and love with Jesus.
But we do things house to house and that gives people family.
If I'm just meeting on a Sunday, you can come in and out.
And for all I know, like you hate God.
You know, like I have no idea.
I don't know you.
And so you can show up on a Sunday every week, but that doesn't mean the people next year
are going to become family.
And so I'm not anti Sunday.
What I'm saying is in house to house, you can't hide.
It's very hard to hide house to house.
So it's a healthy forcing you into relationships that are family.
God's house is a family.
And so we meet house to house.
And then this one is church.
I know it's sideways.
Gathered.
So church gathered is typically think of it as Sundays.
That's a, that is one expression of church gathered, right?
On Sundays, we're going to worship, there's going to be teaching, we're going to pray.
If you want to come to the front, respond, you can.
But this is also stuff like, like we're going to do an outreach this Saturday and the whole
church is invited.
That would be church gathered, right?
And even I've even, you know, because we hear about even house church movements and they're
like, we don't do Sundays, all this stuff.
And then you're like, well, do you ever have leaders gatherings?
And they're like, yeah.
And I'm like, okay, you still do church gathered.
You really learn to lose together and you gather, you know, and in the book of Acts,
right?
It says they met in the temple as well.
And so that's that one.
And here's the last one is impact the world.
So this is many different things, right?
This is missions.
This is school.
This is training school.
So I can't do it.
This is carpentry.
You're a carpenter.
Go Jesus as you do carpeting.
This is nursing.
Right?
So impact the world is if you're a carpenter, if you're a nurse, if you're a pastor, if
you like sports and want to go play sports down there with some people who don't know
Jesus, right?
It's okay.
God, like his intention for church isn't just to be one place.
It's for it to impact the whole world.
He says the knowledge of the glory of God will cover the earth like the waters come
to the sea.
And the church is his agent to release glory across the earth.
And so the church isn't just meant to be in one place.
It's meant to be something that goes beyond just that place.
It multiplies, right?
And that's what you see in the book of Acts that they would plant something and multiply
and multiply, and they go to Macedonian and they go to Rome and then they go to this place.
And so when you have, but what happens is we have to have faith that Jesus wants to
do that.
He doesn't just want to touch my space or my town or my city or my job.
He wants to touch the whole entire earth.
And that's what he's designed his church to believe is, okay, wait, someone doesn't know
Jesus in Egypt.
Okay.
We need to start praying for labor for Egypt because we're called to impact the whole world.
Okay.
Somebody doesn't know Jesus in India.
Jesus raised up labor for India.
There's an earthquake in Turkey.
Jesus send us to Turkey.
We want to help.
We want to see how we can help there and we can share Jesus and help practically.
So that's that impact the world thing.
And this is kind of how we see the expression of church.
We are all the church, right?
But this is the way that we express church.
Me and Jesus, the sabbal shem and twos and threes, house to house, church gathered, impact
the world.
So with all that and kind of the expression of Antioch, the story of Antioch, I'm going
to share who is Antioch now.
So one of our main phrases the Lord gave us early on is we have a passion for Jesus and
his purposes in the earth.
So this phrase, if I was going to put it into scripture form is like your Psalms 27 for
Jesus.
Like David says, one thing I have asked.
This I shall seek after to dwell on the house of the Lord all days my life gaze upon his
beauty and inquire in his temple.
Or it could also be like Mary.
Mary, she had, she knew Jesus was everything.
So the first value of Antioch is Jesus is everything and everything beneath this I'm
talking about won't work unless Jesus is everything.
And so I like to call it Jesus alone.
Nothing else to depend on.
Nothing else matters.
If Jesus isn't loved and Jesus isn't ministered to then we're making a manmade thing.
Okay, so that's the first thing and really the most important thing.
Second thing, we're a multi generational family on mission.
So in the Bible you hear about Abraham, Isaac and Jacob.
Right?
Does that translate?
Abraham, Isaac, Jacob.
Right?
This is a example of multi generational family on mission.
They had three generations of faithfulness to God.
Right?
And we're not just living for three.
We're living let it go longer.
But what that means is we want all the generations to be loving Jesus from the 80 year old to
the two year old.
We want to be a multi generational family on mission.
And part of what this means too is since the God says is his church is first a family.
And so something we're very like particular about is we like we fully love the gifts of
the spirit.
We embrace them.
Holy Spirit come in power.
But we're very we're very committed to seeing everybody first as a son and a daughter.
They have to like in my perspective, no matter how gifted you are, we fight in our perspective
to make sure you're your brother and a sister.
Like we keep that first and we empower the gifts of the spirit.
But it's like, okay, first and foremost, if I don't see you first as a son and daughter
or brother and sister, I'm going to try to use you for the gift that's on you.
And that's not what we want because we're all first a family because then the person
who might be really gifted can still be family to the family.
But if we create an idol of that person because of their gift, then we don't treat them as
family anymore.
We treat them as celebrity.
Right.
And the church is first a family.
And another thing I believe this means is we're about accountable unity more than loose
networks.
So one more time, accountable unity over loose networks.
Right.
So what that that's what I would even say is a helpful definition of what covenantal
community is.
Accountable unity, not loose networks.
And so in the way that you have that is really just by love.
You have to have love in Jesus.
And if you're walking in love, you can have accountable unity and not loose networks.
Okay.
And then next thing, this is a phrase you've had for a long time is we are an apostolic
people whose prophetic lifestyles transform the four corners of the earth.
So what does apostolic mean?
This is not the only definition.
I think it's a helpful definition though.
So apostle, when you translate to English, it means sent one, right?
Sent by God.
So to us, this means we are sent by God and from God and for God with a message from God.
And that doesn't mean you, it doesn't mean you're not apostolic.
If you're not the guy leading, what we believe makes you apostolic is you believe you're
sent from God.
Just like Jesus says, he says in the Bible, just as the father sent me, I am sending you.
So everybody is sent by God if we believe it and live like it.
And so part of what that means is like wherever I am, I believe I'm there for a purpose.
Whether I'm here right now, whether I'm at stand up, like I'm constantly like, Holy Spirit,
what am I doing here?
Not out of doubt, but because I want to serve Jesus.
I'm here for Jesus and to love people with Jesus.
And so what am I doing here right now?
And God is too good to not have purpose in everything.
So there's got to be a purpose for why I'm here.
That doesn't mean we're like always anxious, like, ah, God, what are you doing?
I need to know right now.
It just means we want to be aware to Jesus because we want to live on mission all the
time.
And then what does it mean to have a prophetic lifestyle?
Prophetic speaks of listening and seeing God.
So there's two words for prophetic in the Bible.
One is it starts with the R. It's like raw or something.
But it means seer.
So it means we're asking Holy Spirit, show me what you're doing right now.
Reveal to my eyes what you're doing in this moment.
I want to abide in you because you said whatever you saw the father doing, you also did.
So part of our abiding is to be able to see what God's doing and just do it with him.
And then there's also the word nobi in Greek, which means like a bubbling up, bubbling up
with the word of God.
And so to have a prophetic lifestyle, you want to be somebody that's letting God put
his words in you and then also let him put words in you just in the moment that you might
not have read or studied before.
But it means you're always bubbling up with the word of the Lord to encourage people to
share the gospel with people, those different things.
That's what it means to have a prophetic lifestyle.
And so you can see that we believe everybody can do that because John 10, it says the
sheep hear his voice and know his voice.
And so everybody can hear Jesus' voice and respond to him.
So is that if we're on a plane, Holy Spirit, is there something you want to do with the
person next to me?
If I'm on a bus, I might be like, God, what are you doing on the bus today?
Show me something you're doing on the bus.
So and then another thing about that I was going to mention is that even in the Old Testament,
you see Samuel, he raises up these prophetic companies.
He does these like schools, actually, it's kind of interesting with like to train up
profits and even you even see in scripture them be like, yeah, there's a hundred profits
over there or like a hundred profits there.
So they had like this focus on the prophetic because the Bible says, especially that you
may prophesy in first Corinthians 12, pursue love, 100% pursue love, you really desire
the gifts of the spirit, especially that you may prophesy.
And so that's how we walk in a prophetic lifestyle.
And that's why you even see when it comes to order in the church in Ephesians 4, I think
it's first Corinthians as well, or maybe it's Ephesians where it says Christ Jesus, the cornerstone,
nothing works without Jesus as the cornerstone.
For then it says first comes the apostle and the prophet and the teacher, right?
So it starts to move down that order.
And so this helps keep things multiplying when this is the forefront because you need
apostolic prophetic people to plant new things.
So and then four corners of the earth.
So that has to do with John 3.8.
It says those born of the spirit are like the wind.
No one knows where they coming from or where they go.
So it's we want to be a people of the Holy Spirit that know that God can do whatever
He wants, whenever He wants with me, anywhere He wants.
I think of Ezekiel 37.9 too, it talks about the four winds of heaven as well.
So there's something about the leadership of the Holy Spirit.
We want to be people that walk by the Spirit.
And then another phrase, this has been more recent one that we've been using is we're
a Psalm 27 for people, which is one thing I've asked the Lord this I will seek after
that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life gaze upon His beauty
and inquire in His temple.
Wow, I'm like getting happy just saying that one.
And then the next one were Psalms 27 for people with a Psalms 24/7 prayer mandate, which is
in Waco we're believing God to give us the grace to pray around the clock seven days
a week, 365 days a year.
And Psalms 24/7 talks about the King of Glory and Him coming in having clean hands and a
pure heart for a Matthew 24/14 outcome, which is once this gospel has been preached to all
nations then the end will come.
And so the return of the Lord can't happen until every nation is reached with the gospel
and every person gets to hear.
And so, and so I added to the phrase and a Revelation 1911 return.
Okay, I know this is like a lot of vision and things like that, but when you get to know
us.
Number five, we are disciple makers.
We call this our X Factor.
This means we don't delegate equipping and training to stages or just the gifted, but
we all take on the responsibility of teaching people to obey Jesus.
So no matter if you feel like you're insanely gifted in this way or you're not, we're all
called to make disciples.
Every person takes on the responsibility of investing in people's lives so that they can
obey Jesus and learn to love Jesus.
So what I, part of what I mean by that is again, I'm not anti-stage either stages are
neutral to God.
He has no problem with stages.
But a lot of times in church culture, if most of what you do is around a event, then people
learn how to come to the event, but they might not learn to obey Jesus.
So the rhythm becomes, I come to this event, I come to that event, I come to this event,
but what are you doing outside the event?
Are you learning to obey Jesus outside the event?
And a lot of times our image becomes, okay, me growing in Jesus means I become a pastor
one day, like on that stage.
And so I've got to wait to make disciples until I can teach well and have a lot of revelation
from Jesus.
But the Bible shows that obedience, actually teaching obedience requires you to have almost
no revelation.
You'll have a revelation because you wouldn't come to know Jesus if you didn't hear the
gospel, but you don't need a lot of revelation to disciple people because it's about obeying
Jesus and we can all learn how to obey Jesus, even without revelation, though we love revelation
and sing Jesus.
Does that kind of make sense?
And so are people that make disciples who make disciples who make disciples who made
disciples and we challenge people to take on that responsibility and not just live off
us.
So even discipleship, it's not like I know everything and you know nothing and I need
to show you what I know.
That's not what it is because that would be me discipling you to me.
We don't want that.
That will get really bad because people will discover all the not good in you that they
got discipled to.
Our desire is that we invest in that way where there might be one person investing in two
or three by saying, "Jesus, Jesus, look at Jesus.
Look what the Bible says to do.
Do what he says to do."
So discipleship is more you actually getting out of the way, but helping people see Jesus
and respond to him.
Help him read his word like, "Oh," or say for example, "I'm struggling with this relationship.
Okay, what do you think is the struggle?
We talk, talk more.
Okay, do you feel like you love them still?
No, not really.
Okay, you might have some offense in your heart.
Why don't we forgive them right now together?
I'll put my hand on you and let's start to pray for them and we're going to forgive them
together right now."
That would be a way of teaching them to obey.
It's like, "Oh, this is about helping them learn to respond to Jesus and do what he said."
So I don't want to just give them advice of like, "Hey man, like you just like, if you
just really muster up some more things will change."
It's like, "No, how do I help them see what the Bible says and teach them to obey what
that says?"
Okay, next thing I put is number six.
We are pastors and shepherds and mothers and fathers and we recognize there is moments
needed of rest and resetting in life when we miss and fail or sovereignly by God even.
So what I mean by that is we believe like God, when you start to press into that pastoral
grace and that discipleship grace, that's when you get into like the real brokenness
of people's lives, the difficulty of those lives and that's where you grow the character
and the love to walk in apostolic and prophetic grace on a more like high level or even, you
know, because I don't believe you have to be in the church to be that.
You could be in the business world being apostolic or whatever, but it's like that to be able
to carry that grace that God wants to give you, you have to develop the character on
the inside, the love and the faith on the inside and that happens in that pastoral capacity
where you're getting to know this person's junk and then you're helping them get out
of that.
You're going to be praying for them, doing deliverance with them, helping them get healed
and get free and that's that place of like relational rub, character growing so that
you can actually like not destroy yourself under the grace of God that he has on your
life, but you have powerful foundations and that's where you learn how to love one another.
At the end of the day, the best discipleship strategy is our love for one another because
the Bible says all people will know where Jesus is disciples by the way we love one another.
That's a crazy promise.
So if you don't get trained in that and after and again, I want to make it clear, you know,
you do this pastoral training, learning to disciple.
That doesn't mean like you stop after that.
You don't like, oh, okay, now I'm going up the Christian ladder to apostolic prophetic
and I don't have to disciple anymore.
That would not be the way to read this.
What I'm saying though is you get good at that stuff in that place and then you're able
to be entrusted with more by Jesus.
And then this also means even when it comes to our missionaries and people we send, we,
they are pastorally covered in prayer and by somebody in our movement.
So every missions team we have has somebody either in the States or somewhere in the world
that checks in with them every week and their whole job is your spiritual health so that
you can make it long-term on the field and not just go out there and then destroy yourself
on the field.
But it's like, no, we literally there's somebody assigned it to you to pastorally cover you
and their main job is your spiritual health and your longevity and your obedience wherever
God sends you.
Okay.
Now I'm going to talk about main promises that God spoke in our movement.
The first one is Isaiah 54 2 and 3.
This is one that's been repeated over and over and over and over throughout the years.
So it says in Isaiah 54 2 through 3 enlarge the place of your tent and let the curtains
of your habitations be stretched out.
Do not hold back, lengthen your cords and strengthen your stakes for you will spread
abroad to the right and to the left and your offspring will possess the nations and will
people the desolate cities.
So this is part of the rub of being a multiplying church is this means sometimes like, like
for example, to me right now.
Some of my closest friends in my life are in Seattle or in Miami.
Like I live in Waco.
And so even this past season, I had to bless them and let them go to those places.
And I'm still really good friends with them.
We talk all the time.
But now I'm in Waco and my closest friends just left and it's like, I've got to make
new friends in Waco.
And that's part of the stretching of the tent of like to actually stretch the tent out.
You have to make those relational sacrifices and believe God's actually doing that to strengthen
those relationships, not to cut them off.
And so I've noticed even as I've been stretched in the season, my love for my friends in Seattle
and my love for my friends in Miami actually has increased.
It hasn't decreased the distance increased.
But when we see each other, it is like I hug them and it's like the fire of God just in
the hug.
But it's because we believe God that it's actually, He doesn't take us to other places
that were distant from them out of evil or out of despair or because He doesn't like
us.
But because He actually wants to strengthen those relationships and grow them and the
distance actually grows them if you keep yourself in the game.
And we believe that verse two, the enlarging of the place of your tent, all that stuff,
God's done so much that the last 20 years and 20ish years, 25, I guess we're coming
up on.
But what God's about to do is send people to resettle desolate cities.
So He's preparing, I believe He's preparing our generation to resettle desolate cities.
That there's shakings and there's things coming.
But when you read the Bible where the greatest harvest happened and the greatest church planning
happens is actually in the middle of the desolations.
And so I believe desolation is like destruction.
And so we, like for example, like I talked about Turkey.
So we have a arm of our church called Acts of Mercy and their whole job is when a natural
disaster happens, we send people there just immediately.
And we're like, okay, how can we get on the ground and help those people and preach the
gospel to them?
And so immediately, like when Turkey happened, it was probably within two or three days that
we had people on the ground in Turkey helping every person that's lost all these different
things, helping them practically and everywhere we possibly can.
And then also we're sharing the gospel with people and making disciples because we know
where the desolation is.
That's what we're called to actually rebuild.
And so when desolations happen, we send people into those places.
Another scripture that's been significant over the years is Isaiah 58, 11 through 12.
This is a fun one.
Yes.
And it has fasting before it.
So Jesus teaches to fast.
It says, "And the Lord will guide you continually and satisfy your desire and scorch places
and make your bones strong.
And you shall be like a watered garden, like a spring of water whose waters do not fail.
And your ancient ruins shall be rebuilt.
You shall raise up the foundations of many generations.
You shall be called the repairer of the breach, the restorer of streets to dwell in."
So similar to Isaiah 54 actually.
And then one other one I'll share.
So those two are kind of like the ones Jimmy's gotten over and over again.
So pointing back to kind of like the apostolic prophetic foundation.
And this other one is actually one, one of our longest standing kind of like prophetic
voices.
It's a guy named Joe Ewan.
He'll come by here actually for the school.
That's what I'm hoping for.
John 7 starting in verse 37 and going through verse 39.
John 7.
Yeah starting in verse 37.
So it says, "On the last day of the feast, the great day, Jesus stood up and cried out,
'If anyone thirsts, let him come to me and drink.
Whoever believes in me, as the scripture has said, out of his heart will flow rivers of
living water.'
Now this he said about the spirit whom those who believed in him were to receive, for as
yet the spirit had not been given because Jesus was not yet glorified."
So the kind of prophetic voice in our movement.
He started, before he met Jimmy, he started three churches called the River Church.
And so in part of it I think was connected to the scripture.
And so this speaks of again like I'm never in poverty with God because there's a river.
Like it's not just dripping out of my heart.
It's a river.
Like think of a really, it's like that's, that's a lot of God that's just in one heart
to be shared.
And so we're not a people of poverty, but of riches in Jesus.
I mean, we believe by faith for that.
I mean, walking where there's always enough of God for everybody to have always.
Okay.
And the last thing I want to share is just a little bit of story about how we got here.
So if we go back to January 2021, me and some friends were at a house and my friend that
I'm with, he just randomly feels, I need to look up some church history.
And I'm like literally scrolling on Instagram and I'm like, all right, bro, sounds good.
I'm just sharing that.
So, you know, like the humanness of the moment.
I'm like, all right, bro, go for it.
And he like gets this up and he's like, bro, check this out.
And I'm like, what's up, bro?
And he's like, dude, I'm reading about this thing that happened in 1054.
It's called the great schism.
And it's when the Eastern Orthodox Church split from the Western Catholic Church.
And I was like, oh, wow.
For some reason that grieves me like that feels like the vision awful, you know, so interesting.
And I was reminded of scriptures like Malachi 111.
It says in the East, they'll fear my name and the West they'll see my glory.
So the scriptures speak about unity between the East and West, but there's this thing
that happened that divided the East and West, it seems like.
And then I remembered, I went to a conference two years before that, where there was a thousand
underground Chinese church leaders that were there.
And I was like, oh, this is interesting.
This is coming up with what we're talking about.
And I started talking to my friends and I'm like, I remember when I just watched them
talk to one another, I could see the love of God.
Like, and I just remember as I watched them over and over again, they're like, when one
rejoiced, they all rejoiced.
When one wept, they all cried with them.
And I was like, what do they have that I don't?
And I just remember saying in my heart, Jesus, I will die for whatever kind of love that
is.
I have to have that kind of love.
And then from that, I just said this simple phrase.
I was like, guys, I feel like Jesus wants to restore the witness of loving one another.
And right when I said that to my friends go immediately into intense prophetic experiences.
And one of them had words about we need to go to Switzerland.
And we had already had a trip that was set up to go to England and Scotland, but we didn't
really have Switzerland on a radar.
And so we just put like five days in between going to England and Scotland to go to Switzerland
and see what happens.
We have no plans on anybody there.
And then about four days, I think four days before my friend Brandon, he knows a guy named
Dan Bauman.
And he was like, dude, you're from Switzerland.
You're anywhere from Switzerland?
And he connects us to Tillman.
And so we're about four days out from leaving to Switzerland.
And we're like, oh, okay, that's great.
We're connected to Tillman.
He connects us to like a house of prayer and interlocking Switzerland because we did feel
prophetically there was something for us to do an interlock in and to go on the train
called the Jungfrau Jok to the top of Europe and pray and just stuff.
And then the next day, though, we find out all the different COVID vaccine policies went
back up in Switzerland, which was like, I don't even know, quadruple boost, whatever
it is to be able to get into the country.
But we're like, well, I still feel peace.
I don't feel like we're supposed to change our plans.
We pray.
We don't feel like God's saying anything different.
And we just have this sense of like, I don't think we're going to need to really do anything.
Like, let's just keep doing what we're going to do.
And so we three days later, get on a plane, fly into Geneva, Switzerland, and we get four
different customs officers.
And we go up to all four of us, four different customs officers.
None of them ask us for our vaccine passports and we come into Switzerland.
Remember the prophecy.
Which one?
Oh, it go in faith.
I remember the one you said I was driving back from a job on the motorway, driving home,
I want to six hour trip and then Holy.
And I just passed by the castle and then Holy Spirit says, call Brandon now and tell him
to fly.
And he will walk through customs and they will not ask you.
And I'm like, okay, I've never talked to Brandon before.
We've never spoken.
Just WhatsApp writing.
And I call him like, hey, bro, how are you doing?
He's like, bro, we have the situation.
We don't know if we can go and we don't know if we should fly or not.
And like, Holy Spirit told me to call you and say, you will just go through.
Yes.
Amen.
That's what happened to me many times when I passed the border.
Yes.
And he said, tell them.
Yes.
Praise God.
So that happens.
We're like, praise God, I think we're going to get in.
And so, and then what's crazy is two hours later, we have a friend who actually did have
all the vaccine policies, but she comes through the same customs people two hours later and
they ask her for a vaccine passport.
And so we're like, that was crazy.
Thank you God.
And so after that, I'll just show this part.
It's kind of fun.
So we go to interlock into this house of prayer and we're at this house of prayer.
We find out they've been studying Psalms 24 for about three months.
My friend Brandon had just released a song about Psalms 24.
And we're like, that's interesting.
And so they ask him to hop on the piano and he starts playing and it is like the glory
of God just goes like, woom into the room.
And it's like, we don't know if people can speak English, but luckily the power of God
is multilingual.
And so we're just praying and people are getting touched by the power of God and all these
things.
And we're like, whoa, do not expect that.
And our plan was to go up the Jungfrau yoke.
And so that night, the friend we're staying with, we'd also been studying a scripture
from Isaiah 22, 22, that God would give you the key of David to open doors you can't shut
and to close doors that you cannot open or can't be opened again.
And she gives us this rusty key that she said she found in her garden.
And we're like, interesting garden of Eden, everything ends at the garden.
That's where you found it.
It's this ancient key from your garden.
And we're like, she's like, I feel like I'm supposed to give this to you when you go up
the train.
And I'm like, okay, we'll do that.
And so eventually we hop on the train, we go to the top right before we're like about to
get to the top.
One of the girls that's with us, praise God, she notices there's a bunch of girls taking
topless photos at the top of Europe.
And she's like, stop, stop, stop.
We're like, okay.
And she's like, wait for them to be done.
We're like, okay.
So we wait and they get done.
And then we go up there.
So literally like straight blasts from me happening at the top of Europe.
And then we go up there and we felt like God said to release revival and reformation over
all of Europe.
And so we get up there, we've got our key, my friends got his guitar and we're about to
pray and I see this guy and I'm like, hey, bro, how's it going?
He's like, hey, I'm like, what's your name?
And he's like, my name's David.
We're like, oh, key of David.
Great.
We have David now.
And so we were like, you know, I don't even know how much of a believer this guy is.
We find out like he says he's Christian.
So we're like, hey, bro, do you want to do this like prayer act with us?
And he's like, sure.
We're like, all right, great.
So we all grabbed this key together and we're like, all right, Jesus, we released revival
and reformation over all of Europe.
We just turn it by faith.
And then literally like five seconds later, the guy's like, all right, see you guys.
Just walks away.
And then after that, we sing the song King of Glory Psalms 24 at the top of Europe.
Let me find this video if I can, maybe.
Okay.
All right.
This video is very small.
I'll let that load and keep going.
So after that, we felt like we had clarity of what we could do next, which was go see
Tillman.
So we literally left that day needing to fly out of Geneva the next day in the afternoon.
Or like, we feel like we need to go see Tillman.
So you hop on a train around maybe 4 p.m. and we get here around 6 ish, maybe 6 p.m.
or so.
And we come in here and Tillman woke us up and we're like, hey, bro, thank you so much
for all the stuff you did, whatever.
And we sit down and he starts giving us a tour of the property.
And multiple things start to stick out.
And so one of those things was we went, he went, we were in his house and he's like,
this is my war room.
And we're like, what'd you just call it?
He's like, my war room. And Jimmy, our founder, about five years ago, he started calling the
place he prays and seeks God in the morning his war room.
And so we're like, that's interesting.
He has a war room too.
And then from there, we like, I think we like go downstairs and he's like, this is my boiler
room.
And we're like, we just, we have a word in Antioch right now to ignite the boiler room.
That's really interesting.
And then after that, Tillman's like, I actually had this vision of this like ship coming towards
me and let me get a little bit of context before that one.
So we got this prophetic imagery called the Queen Mary.
The Queen Mary was a cruise liner ship.
So like, you know, cruises, if you go on a vacation cruise, like it was a cruise liner.
But when World War II started, they changed it into a troop carrier.
So it was an English retrofitted into a troop carrier.
So it wasn't a battleship, but it wasn't a cruise ship.
It was something in between is what Tillman said.
And we're like, have you heard of the Queen Mary?
He's like, no.
And we're like, well, this, the Queen Mary is a troop carrier.
And he's like, that's what it was.
It was a troop carrier.
And I'm like, what is happening?
And then I mean, there's multiple other things.
I can't remember all the stuff.
But then we sit here, we pray, we take communion together.
And oh, the other thing was, that was the other thing.
So the night before I came, I felt like God said to stay up and pray.
And I kept feeling like God was saying, pray, that God would raise up safe houses in Europe.
And so I was like, OK.
So I'm like, I don't even know what I'm praying.
I'm like, Jesus, I just pray you raise up safe houses in Europe.
Let safe houses be established all across from Europe, God.
And that was the other thing when we came in here.
He's like, yeah, we feel like this is supposed to be like a safe house.
And I'm like, what the heck?
I just prayed that last night.
And so all of these things, it's like this convergence.
And we start to realize why we're in Switzerland.
It's because God wants to put people here in Switzerland on the Queen Mary.
And when the Queen Mary revelation came to our leaders, he said, I'm conscripting the
Antioch movement for such a time as this.
The word conscript is like an army draft.
You know when like wars happening and it's not like you get to choose if you join the
army.
It's like, if you're these ages, you're in the army and you have to join the army.
And so Jesus said, I'm conscripting the Antioch movement for such a time as this.
And so I believe part of why I'm here as God is when to conscript people here in Switzerland
and take them on to Queen Mary.
And the Queen Mary is the ship that is on the waters rescuing people all over the world
and nations that are drowning.
It's a rescue ship.
It's a rescue mission.
There's people that are lost, they're broken, they don't know Jesus and they are drowning
unless somebody is willing to reach out their hand like Jesus reached out his hand to Peter
and pull them up onto the boat.
And so, and I'm going to send you all, it's such a long document.
There's literally like this document that talks about the last kind of six years of
our movement and how the Queen Mary's played in and all the beautiful stuff God's spoken
to give us clarity about what we're called to do in this hour.
And so that's kind of who we are.
And I know it's getting kind of late, but I want to take a few moments just to pray
and ask Jesus to do what he wants to do.
So Jesus, we just thank you God for your leadership, Jesus, that you cared so much about Switzerland
in right now, Jesus, that you took a bunch of people from Texas and said, "Go across
the Atlantic Ocean to Switzerland because I love the people of right now, Jesus."
And I just thank you Jesus that
